#summary Status of development of flac2all
#labels Featured

= Why is development so slow?! =

Well... believe it or not because there isn't much that needs to be done. The stable script is just that, stable. It is feature limited but what it does it does well. 

I will only make changes to this one for a bugfix. New feature requests will go into the development branch if I have time (of course, you are more than welcome to join the group and help me. Development can only progress as fast as all members free time =) )

Also, how development usually works with me is that nothing really special happens until I need to reconvert my FLAC collection to a lossy format (which is why I originally wrote this program! :P ). When my collection grows, or I want to convert it again, then I pull out the script, dust it off and run it. Any problems are fixed and any features I'd like to have I implement into the dev branch. Then it is committed to the SVN repository here on google code).

That's it really :)

= Stable branch =
 
  * Only bugfixes are committed. Usable for day to day use, or incorporation into your own scripts.

= Development branch = 
  * This is where new features are stuck! Features currently added:
      * Ability to copy non flac files across. Requested so you can copy album art, cue files or log files across.
      * New option system. No longer do you need to edit the script to set common variables. Now you can do it on the command line, like a real program! :P
      * More intelligent path generation
      * output directory redirection
      * Code cleanup

  * If you want any features, this is the place to add them, feel free to send me a patch (if you ask nicely, I may implement it myself, but know my time is limited, sorry  :(   )